---
title: "Codethink"
date: 2018-10-28T20:23:19Z
draft: false
---

_To whom it may concern,_

This is in regard to a recommendation I received about an internship
opportunity for this summer (2019) due to your involvement and usage of
open source software. I believe that with the skills I have developed in
and around open source that I am the ideal match for the position.

I became aware of open source a number of years ago and have been in the
last year gone from a user to a contributor. My efforts paid off in the
summer of 2018 when I was given a place at Google Summer of Code with
VideoLAN working on VLC. Needless to say that it was a really rewarding
experience to give back to the community that gave so much to me for so
many years (not to mention hanging out with some of my FOSS idols).

I am looking for similarly rewarding work this summer and am intrigued
by Codethink's emphasis on open source. Furthermore, I maintain a
hypervisor at home as a hobby so building a better understanding of
Debian or CentOS is also highly desirable along with anything from my
list of DevOps topics (networking, ansible/saltstack, infrastructure
provision, containers, etc). A chance to attend conferences is also
highly desirable.

The standard I set for myself and my software is very high and I strive
to ensure every project I take on is exceptional. This is shown by the
test suite and design patterns employed in my web browser
implementation. I am additionally a very fast, independent, learner, and
can be effective with any technology evidenced by my ability to jump in
way over my head and reverse engineer and implement AirPlay's
cryptographic protocol with little prior crypto experience. I am also
experienced with flexible working hours and remote work, having handled
all team communication with my mentor at VideoLAN over IRC. I found my
mentoring to be extremely beneficial and am looking for someone who is
able to help me continue to grow professionally.